# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
ape-pie==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
astroid==3.1.0
    # via pylint
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via webtest
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
black==24.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
boltons==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
cbor2==5.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
coverage==7.5.4
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via pyquery
dill==0.3.8
    # via pylint
django==4.2.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jenkins
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-timeline-logger
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-timeline-logger
django-axes==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==24.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-jenkins==0.110.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
django-jsonform==2.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==2.0.0.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rosetta==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-privates
django-setup-configuration==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-certmanager==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   zgw-consumers
django-timeline-logger==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-two-factor-auth==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
django-webtest==1.9.11
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
docker==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-nested-routers==0.94.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
ecs-logging==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.22.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
faker==24.14.1
    # via factory-boy
flake8==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
freezegun==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
furl==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
glom==23.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via playwright
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via pylint
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via sphinx
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lxml==5.2.1
    # via pyquery
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
multidict==6.0.5
    # via yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
phonenumberslite==8.13.35
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
playwright==1.45.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rosetta
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
pyee==11.1.0
    # via playwright
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via sphinx
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
pylint==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   qrcode
pyquery==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
pytest==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-playwright
pytest-base-url==2.1.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pytest-playwright==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pytest-playwright
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   vcrpy
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
redis==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.35.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   django-rosetta
    #   docker
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sentry-sdk==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
tblib==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
testfixtures==8.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.12.4
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   qrcode
    #   zgw-consumers
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   docker
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.25.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
vcrpy==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==3.0.1
    # via webtest
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webauthn==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webob==1.8.8
    # via webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via django-webtest
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   vcrpy
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
yarl==1.9.4
    # via vcrpy
zgw-consumers==0.36.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
