#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
astroid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   redis
babel==2.14.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
black==24.4.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
build==1.2.1
    # via pip-tools
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cbor2==5.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via isort
coverage==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-axes
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jenkins
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   maykin-2fa
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-axes==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-jenkins==0.110.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-rosetta==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-two-factor-auth[phonenumberslite,webauthn]==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
django-webtest==1.9.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
ecs-logging==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.22.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==24.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
flake8==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
freezegun==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
isort[colors]==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via sphinx
lxml==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
phonenumberslite==8.13.35
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   pylint
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via sphinx
pylint==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pyopenssl==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   qrcode
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyquery==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
redis==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sentry-sdk==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tblib==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pylint
    #   sphinx
tomlkit==0.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   qrcode
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.25.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
waitress==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webauthn==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.43.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==24.0
    # via pip-tools
setuptools==69.5.1
    # via pip-tools
